You almost got me killed
Women and children still want money
I don't understand Mr. Gu's words
I only know that since it is written in the agreement
Then give me a lot of points.
If the agreement is voided
Do you want your woman to be a mistress?
Let your child be illegitimate?
I will arrange for him ASAP.
But what you did, no one
Wait for the money to arrive.
Will I still stay in the country?
Wait, put the money in my mom's account
My mom needs it urgently.
What do you mean?
Why did you call Gu Tingchuan?
Is he
Yes, Gu Tingchuan is Zhao Tingchuan
Sister Che
Why are you so stupid?
I just found out now
But it's okay.
That way no one will come to your rescue.
You thought the hospital people found out I was gone
Won't Zhao Tingchuan come to save me?
Wait for the people at the hospital to find that the day lily is cold
Wait for the money to arrive now
I didn't expect it so soon.
It seems that he really loves you.
But he didn't expect
You are the Yunyao he can't wait to get rid of
Don't shake
What are you better than me?
Xiaowei